Residential Security Shutters from Enviroblind
“Crime in progress – police radio”
“Storm coming – weather radio”
Whether it’s from the unfortunate realities of today’s world,
or the powerful forces of nature,
when it comes to protecting your home and family
you can rely of the strength and security of
security shutters from Enviroblind.
In today’s world, security is an issue almost everywhere.
Alarm systems provide limited protection
and bars are unsightly and impractical.
Solid and strong, rolling security shutters create a secure barrier
When you need it
and virtually disappear when you don’t.
The ideal solution for protecting seasonal properties,
patio doors, basement windows or anywhere you
require increased security.
Security shutters can be installed on windows, doors,
even skylights for protection and peace of mind.
Our security rolling shutters are strong enough to withstand
almost anything mother nature can dish out:
harsh sunlight, high winds and severe storms never even touch your windows.
Customer Testimonials
Let’s have a look at just how strong they are.
We commissioned Intertek,
one of north America's leading test facilities,
to perform comprehensive strength tests on the security shutters.
Tested against hurricane conditions,
the shutters held their own against high velocity
static winds from both directions.
the impact test involves you shooting a wooden 2x4 directly at the shutters
from a high-pressure cannon at speeds of 30 mph.
Test engineer speaking
Very little damage or deformation.
“A very good hurricane resistance product.”
Since extreme weather and temperature don’t reach your windows,
security shutters also keep your house cooler in the summer
and warmer in the winter,
Conserving energy and saving you money.
Customer Testimonials
There may be times when you want to control the brightness as well as the temperatures in your home
security shutters are fully adjustable to control the darkness
to provide complete daytime blackout conditions.
Because they’re insulated, they significantly reduce outside noise,
creating a cool, dark and quiet environment
Perfect for shift workers who need to sleep during the day,
migrane sufferers who want to eliminate light and sound,
or those who want to enjoy their home theater without having glare or distractions.
Simply operated from the inside by either an easy-to-use manual system
or with motorized convenience,
With the flip of a switch or push of a button, you can control the security shutters individually or together.
Programmable timers offer “set it and forget it” convenience.
Enviroblind security shutters are made of interlocking aluminum profiles
filled with foam to provide optimum weather and noise insulation.
They glide securely in the vertical rails
and roll up and disappear in the overhead panel box.
Choose from several colors or we can custom paint them to match your home.
Our special manufacturing process ensures fast delivery
Installation is quick and easy
and they look great.
Rolling security shutters from Enviroblind -
a single product that offers security, privacy,
protection, comfort and peace of mind.
Please call for a free, no-obligation estimate.
www.Enviroblind.com